HS-1682: Update readme file in Lokahi repo (#1191)
OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi: README.md

<p align="center"><img src="images/Lokahi_small-scale.png" alt="Lokahi by OpenNMS brandmark" width="300" /></a></p>

<img src="images/LokahiExploration.png" alt="colorful swirl"/>

Lōkahi (pronounced "loh-KAH-hee") is an open source network monitoring project designed for Cloud-native deployments: the next generation of OpenNMS Horizon.

> Both the word _lōkahi_, which means unity, unison, and harmony, and one of The OpenNMS Group's founders, share Hawaiian roots.

Author: ```suggestion
Both the word _lōkahi_, which means unity, unison, and harmony, and David Hustace, one of The OpenNMS Group's founders, share Hawaiian roots.
```

> Both the word lōkahi, which means unity, unison, and harmony, and David Hustace, one of The OpenNMS Group's founders, share Hawaiian roots.

Author: ```suggestion
Both the word _lōkahi_, which means unity, unison, and harmony, and David Hustace, one of The OpenNMS Group's founders, share Hawaiian roots.
```

* A modern, intuitive, user experience to quickly accomplish network monitoring tasks
* Multi-tenancy for any organization that wants to segregate their monitoring environments 
* A cloud-native service built using a micro services design and orchestrated by Kubernetes
* A solution that implements industry and de facto monitoring standards with dynamically deployed plugins for collecting monitoring data and synthetically testing services
* A resilient distributed monitoring system that can be easily deployed to horizontally scale for any monitoring workload
* A system with streaming and plugin APIs to integrate into corporate incidents and management workflows to extend monitoring capabilities

This project is in early and active development, adding new features continually.

For more details on the motivation behind the project and some high-level goals, see the "Introducing Lōkahi by OpenNMS"[LINK HERE] blog post.

## Installation

OpenNMS Lōkahi uses PostgreSQL as a relational database combined with big data systems such as Cortex and Elasticsearch for its persistence.

Our current goal is that you can develop and run Lōkahi on a development system on the following platforms:

> * Linux x86 (x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu)

Reviewer: @geraldhumphries @jaymberry, what I see so far, we don't build any artifacts other than container images; these are Linux x86_64. Should we remove anything else here?

* Darwin x86 (x86_64-apple-darwin)
* Darwin arm (aarch64-apple-darwin)

Lōkahi requires a K8s-compatible infrastructure for deploying the application.

> For installation instructions, see the [administrator's getting started guide](https://github.com/OpenNMS/horizon-stream/wiki/Getting-Started---Admin) in the project's wiki on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installation instructions, see the [administrator's getting started guide](https://github.com/OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi/wiki/Getting-Started---Admin) in the project's wiki on GitHub.
```

## How to contribute

We welcome community contributions from anyone!
There are a lot of moving parts and churn in this early phase so we recommend contacting us in our [OpenNMS Development](https://chat.opennms.com/opennms/channels/opennms-development) channel to share your thoughts.

> Read the [Development Guidelines](https://github.com/OpenNMS/horizon-stream/wiki/Development-Guidelines) to learn how you can run tests and make your first contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Development Guidelines](https://github.com/OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi/wiki/Development-Guidelines) to learn how you can run tests and make your first contribution.
```

The project is mainly written in Java and Golang.

To contact Lōkahi users and developers, join the following channels in our Mattermost chat:

* [OpenNMS Discussion](https://chat.opennms.com/opennms/channels/opennms-discussion) for general questions on how to use it and to learn concepts
* [OpenNMS Development](https://chat.opennms.com/opennms/channels/opennms-development) to learn how to build Lōkahi from the source code and how to contribute to its functionality

## Documentation

> We use the [GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/OpenNMS-Cloud/horizon-stream/wiki) in the Lōkahi GitHub repository to document the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the [GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi/wiki) in the Lōkahi GitHub repository to document the project.
```

Eventually we will migrate the documentation to a `/docs` repo within the project for a more sophisticated versioned documentation framework.

The following sections might be of most interest:

> * Installation in the [administrator's getting started guide](https://github.com/OpenNMS/horizon-stream/wiki/Getting-Started---Admin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Installation in the [administrator's getting started guide](https://github.com/OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi/wiki/Getting-Started---Admin)
```

> * Building from source in the [developers getting started](https://github.com/OpenNMS/horizon-stream/wiki/Getting-Started) section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Building from source in the [developers getting started](https://github.com/OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi/wiki/Getting-Started) section
```

> * [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/OpenNMS/horizon-stream/wiki/Troubleshooting) for quick help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Troubleshooting](https://github.com/OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi/wiki/Troubleshooting) for quick help
```

> ## Rapid Development Profile

Reviewer: I would vote for having this paragraph in the "Developers getting started" section. This is where you need these instructions anyway. We would have to keep them in sync in two places which usually never happens :)
